# Cytoplasm Change Log

This document contains the complete change log for every official release of
Cytoplasm. It is intended to be updated with every commit that makes a user-facing
change worth reporting in the change log. As such, it changes frequently between
releases. Final change log entries are published as [Releases](releases).

## v0.5.0

This is the **Better Strings** update. Cytoplasm now ships its own custom `Str` datatype,
which is much safer to use than C strings, as it permits `NULL` characters to be present
in strings. All Cytoplasm APIs now use this `Str` type, which is a major breaking change
for this release.

## v0.4.1

Cytoplasm is now a C99 library! Upgrading from C89 to C99 makes Cytoplasm more portable
than ever.

### New Features

- Added an option to `j2s` to allow additional fields in structures and ignore them in
encoding and decoding. Note that additional fields are totally untouched&mdash;they
are not even initialized to a default value.
- Fixed a memory leak that would occur in code generated by `j2s` under
  specific circumstances.
- Added `JsonMerge()` to the JSON API to merge two JSON objects together.
- Make `HttpRouter` decode path parts before matching them on regular expressions.
- Fixed a bug in `ArraySort()` that would crash programs if the passed array has no
  elements.
- Adds `Db[OP]Args` functions that are equivalent to their `Db[OP]` counter parts, but 
  uses an array of string instead of variadic arguments.

## v0.4.0

**Released on November 1, 2023**

This is the first independent release of Cytoplasm! Last month, Cytoplasm was
split off of [Telodendria](/Telodendria/Telodendria) to become its own independent
project with its own independent releases. This allows it to develop at a much more
rapid pace than Telodendria.

Changes in future releases will be reported here. Since this is the first release,
there are no changes to show.
